Add suggestions originally from @martinda (#219)
jenkinsci/jep: jep/8/README.adoc

** Project expenses should happen within the GSoC timeframe between start of Community Bonding and end of the last coding phase
** GSoC budget may not be used to cover generic equipment costs: laptop, IDEs, internet, etc.
** GSoC budget may not be used to cover software license costs.

> Should a project require access to non-free resources (software or hardware), the project mentors and student are expected to obtain the resources at no cost to the GSoC budget.

Reviewer: I propose to discuss it. Some requests may be viable (e.g. SaaS), so I would permit discussing options if such question arises. Org admins may help to reach out to potential sponsors

Author: ```suggestion
Should a project require access to non-free resources (software or hardware), the project mentors and student are expected to discuss options with org admins. Org admins may help to reach out to potential sponsors.
```

=== Liability

Jenkins project has no legal entity which can commit on expenses.

This means:

* Approval by GSoC org admins does not guarantee the payments
* Jenkins project, GSoC org admins or SPI cannot guarantee the timing of any payment or, in the worst case,
the payment itself

> * Jenkins Project or SPI cannot issue guarantee letters for visa applications or other or other travel documents.

Reviewer: "Or other" is duplicated (not a new issu tho)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Jenkins Project or SPI cannot issue guarantee letters for visa applications or other travel documents.
```
